adminer   Database management in a single PHP file.
aerospike   Aerospike – the reliable, high performance, distributed database optimized for flash and RAM.
almalinux   The official build of AlmaLinux OS.
alpine   A minimal Docker image based on Alpine Linux with a complete package index and only 5 MB in size!
alt   The official build of ALT Linux.
amazoncorretto   Corretto is a no-cost, production-ready distribution of the Open Java Development Kit (OpenJDK).
amazonlinux   Amazon Linux provides a stable, secure, and high-performance execution environment for applications.
api-firewall   A light-weighted API Firewall to protect your API endpoints with API Schema validation.
arangodb   ArangoDB - a scalable graph database system to drive value from connected data, faster.
archlinux   Arch Linux is a simple, lightweight Linux distribution aimed for flexibility.
backdrop   The comprehensive CMS for small to medium sized businesses and non-profits.
bash   Bash is the GNU Project's Bourne Again SHell
bonita   Bonita is an open-source business process management and workflow suite
buildpack-deps   A collection of common build dependencies used for installing various modules, e.g., gems.
busybox   Busybox base image.
caddy   Caddy 2 is a powerful, enterprise-ready, open source web server with automatic HTTPS written in Go.
cassandra   Apache Cassandra is an open-source distributed storage system.
chronograf   Chronograf is a visualization tool for time series data in InfluxDB.
cirros   CirrOS is a Tiny OS that specializes in running on a cloud.
clearlinux   Official docker build of Clear Linux OS for Intel Architecture
clefos   The official build of ClefOS.
clojure   Clojure is a dialect of Lisp that runs on the JVM.
composer   Composer is a dependency manager written in and for PHP.
consul   Consul is a datacenter runtime that provides service discovery, configuration, and orchestration.
convertigo   Enterprise grade full-stack Open source Low Code & No Code Platform for web & mobile application
couchbase   Couchbase Server is a NoSQL document database with a distributed architecture.
couchdb   CouchDB is a database that uses JSON for documents, an HTTP API, & JavaScript/declarative indexing.
crate   CrateDB is an open-source, distributed SQL database empowering you to turn data into business value.
dart   Dart is a client-optimized language for fast apps on any platform.
debian   Debian is a Linux distribution that's composed entirely of free and open-source software.
docker   Docker in Docker!
drupal   Drupal is an open source content management platform powering millions of websites and applications.
eclipse-mosquitto   Eclipse Mosquitto is an open source message broker which implements MQTT version 5, 3.1.1 and 3.1
eclipse-temurin   Official Images for OpenJDK binaries built by Eclipse Temurin.
eggdrop   The official Docker image of Eggdrop- IRC's oldest actively-developed bot!
elasticsearch   Elasticsearch is a powerful open source search and analytics engine that makes data easy to explore.
elixir   Elixir is a dynamic, functional language for building scalable and maintainable applications.
emqx   The most scalable open-source MQTT broker for IoT, IIoT, connected vehicles, and more.
erlang   Erlang is a programming language used to build massively scalable systems with high availability.
fedora   Official Docker builds of Fedora
flink   Apache Flink® is a powerful open-source distributed stream and batch processing framework.
fluentd   Fluentd is an open source data collector for unified logging layer
friendica   Welcome to the free social web.
gazebo   Gazebo is an open source project for simulating robots, offering robust physics and rendering.
gcc   The GNU Compiler Collection is a compiling system that supports several languages.
geonetwork   GeoNetwork is a FOSS catalog for spatially referenced resources.
ghost   Ghost is a free and open source blogging platform written in JavaScript
golang   Go (golang) is a general purpose, higher-level, imperative programming language.
gradle   Gradle is a build tool with a focus on build automation and support for multi-language development.
groovy   Apache Groovy is a multi-faceted language for the Java platform.
haproxy   HAProxy - The Reliable, High Performance TCP/HTTP Load Balancer
haskell   Haskell is an advanced purely-functional programming language.
haxe   Haxe is a modern, high level, static typed programming language with multiple compilation targets.
hello-world   Hello World! (an example of minimal Dockerization)
hitch   Hitch is a libev-based high performance SSL/TLS proxy by Varnish Software.
httpd   The Apache HTTP Server Project
hylang   Hy is a Lisp dialect that translates expressions into Python's abstract syntax tree.
ibm-semeru-runtimes   IBM Semeru Runtimes Official Images for OpenJDK and Eclipse OpenJ9 binaries.
ibmjava   Official IBM® SDK, Java™ Technology Edition Docker Image.
influxdb   InfluxDB is an open source time series database for recording metrics, events, and analytics.
irssi   irssi - The IRC client of the future
jetty   Jetty provides a Web server and javax.servlet container.
joomla   Joomla! is an open source content management system.
jruby   JRuby (http://www.jruby.org) is an implementation of Ruby (http://www.ruby-lang.org) on the JVM.
julia   Julia is a high-level, high-performance dynamic programming language for technical computing.
kapacitor   Kapacitor is an open source framework for processing, monitoring, and alerting on time series data.
kibana   Kibana gives shape to any kind of data — structured and unstructured — indexed in Elasticsearch.
kong   The Cloud-Native API Gateway for APIs and Microservices
lightstreamer   Lightstreamer is a real-time messaging server optimized for the Internet.
logstash   Logstash is a tool for managing events and logs.
mageia   Official Mageia base image
mariadb   MariaDB Server is a high performing open source relational database, forked from MySQL.
matomo   Matomo is the leading open-source analytics platform that gives you more than powerful analytics.
maven   Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool.
mediawiki   MediaWiki is a free software open source wiki package written in PHP.
memcached   Free & open source, high-performance, distributed memory object caching system.
mongo-express   Web-based MongoDB admin interface, written with Node.js and express
mongo   MongoDB document databases provide high availability and easy scalability.
monica   Monica – the Personal Relationship Manager.
mono   Mono is an open source implementation of Microsoft's .NET Framework
mysql   MySQL is a widely used, open-source relational database management system (RDBMS).
nats   NATS is an open-source, high-performance, cloud native messaging system.
neo4j   Neo4j is a highly scalable, robust native graph database.
neurodebian   NeuroDebian provides neuroscience research software for Debian, Ubuntu, and other derivatives.
nextcloud   A safe home for all your data
nginx   Official build of Nginx.
node   Node.js is a JavaScript-based platform for server-side and networking applications.
notary   Notary server and signer cooperatively handle signing and distribution of notary repositories.
odoo   Odoo (formerly known as OpenERP) is a suite of open-source business apps.
open-liberty   Open Liberty multi-architecture images based on Ubuntu 18.04
openjdk   Pre-release / non-production builds of OpenJDK
oraclelinux   Official Docker builds of Oracle Linux.
orientdb   OrientDB a Multi-Model Open Source NoSQL DBMS that combines graphs and documents.
percona   Percona Server is a fork of the MySQL relational database management system created by Percona.
perl   Perl is a high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming language.
photon   Photon OS is an open source minimal Linux container host.
php-zendserver   Zend Server - the integrated PHP application platform for mobile and web apps.
phpmyadmin   phpMyAdmin - A web interface for MySQL and MariaDB.
php   While designed for web development, the PHP scripting language also provides general-purpose use.
plone   Plone is a free and open source content management system built on top of Zope.
postfixadmin   Postfix Admin - web based administration interface for Postfix mail servers.
postgres   The PostgreSQL object-relational database system provides reliability and data integrity.
pypy   PyPy is a fast, compliant alternative implementation of the Python language.
python   Python is an interpreted, interactive, object-oriented, open-source programming language.
r-base   R is a system for statistical computation and graphics.
rabbitmq   RabbitMQ is an open source multi-protocol messaging broker.
rakudo-star   Rakudo is a compiler for the Raku programming language.
redis   Redis is an open source key-value store that functions as a data structure server.
redmine   Redmine is a flexible project management web application written using Ruby on Rails framework
registry   The Docker Registry 2.0 implementation for storing and distributing Docker images
rethinkdb   RethinkDB is an open-source, document database that makes it easy to build and scale realtime apps.
rocket.chat   The Complete Open Source Chat Solution
rockylinux   The official build of Rocky Linux.
ros   The Robot Operating System (ROS) is an open source project for building robot applications.
ruby   Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose, open-source programming language.
rust   Rust is a systems programming language focused on safety, speed, and concurrency.
sapmachine   Official SapMachine Docker Image, SAP's build of OpenJDK.
satosa   SATOSA translates between authentication protocols such as SAML2, OpenID Connect, and OAuth2.
silverpeas   Silverpeas is a turnkey and open-source Collaborative and Social-Networking Portal.
sl   Official containers for Scientific Linux(SL)
solr   Apache Solr is the popular, blazing-fast, open source search platform built on Apache Lucene™.
sonarqube   SonarQube is an open source platform for continuous inspection of code quality.
spiped   Spiped is a utility for creating symmetrically encrypted and authenticated pipes between sockets.
storm   Apache Storm is a free and open source distributed realtime computation system.
swift   Swift is a high-performance system programming language, to learn more about Swift visit swift.org.
swipl   SWI-Prolog offers a comprehensive free Prolog environment.
teamspeak   TeamSpeak is software for quality voice communication via the Internet.
telegraf   Telegraf is an agent for collecting metrics and writing them to InfluxDB or other outputs.
tomcat   Apache Tomcat is an open source implementation of the Java Servlet and JavaServer Pages technologies
tomee   Apache TomEE is an all-Apache Java EE certified stack where Apache Tomcat is top dog.
traefik   Traefik, The Cloud Native Edge Router
ubuntu   Ubuntu is a Debian-based Linux operating system based on free software.
varnish   Varnish is an HTTP accelerator designed for content-heavy dynamic web sites as well as APIs.
vault   Vault is a tool for securely accessing secrets via a unified interface and tight access control.
websphere-liberty   WebSphere Liberty multi-architecture images based on Ubuntu 18.04
wordpress   The WordPress rich content management system can utilize plugins, widgets, and themes.
xwiki   XWiki: The Advanced Open Source Enterprise Wiki.
yourls   YOURLS is a set of PHP scripts that will allow you to run Your Own URL Shortener.
znc   ZNC - An advanced IRC bouncer
zookeeper   Apache ZooKeeper is an open-source server which enables highly reliable distributed coordination.
